Hi Rama,

PFB the classification as warnings and errors. Please let us know if you have any feedback.

DataRaptor:
Warning:
a.	When Load Raptor, 
i.	If at least one field is an Upsert Key which is not disabled
b.	If a DataRaptor is used to insert objects like Cases / Incidents / Service Requests / Activities / Opportunities  then Use Assignment Rules flag has to be checked ( viz: when inserting any object with Assignment rules defined / Applicable)
c.	Naming Convention validations (Project recommendations + Vlocity Recommendations)
d.	When running the DataRaptor in a Batch Mode (if applicable) then Ignore Errors has to be recommended
e.	When running the DataRaptor in transactional mode, Rollback On Error has to be recommended 
 
Error:
a.	Salesforce Object Validation (Object Visibility, Object Permissions, Field Visibility, Field Permissions refer to the node "%vlocity_namespace%__CheckFieldLevelSecurity__c" in the dataraptor extract)
b.	Presence of "%vlocity_namespace%__SampleInputJSON__c"  node in the DataRaptor extract and it being not null
c.	When Load Raptor, 
i.	then check if all the required fields are being populated
 
Template:
Warning
a.	Naming Convention validations (Project recommendations + Vlocity Recommendations)
b.	Can restrict the number of lines of comments in the template
c.	Validate the use of any global variables, the use of merge codes for static binding and two-way binding (if recommended at solution level)
d.	Recommend the use of SLDS based on the tags used: Eg: Buttons: slds-button etc
 
Error
a.	Ensure active version of the template is present.
b.	Run JS validator, HTML Validator and CSS Validator on the template
c.	Is a preview executed for the active version?
d.	Validate any template references by identifying the tag/attribute: ng-include (all the validation of the template can be applicable to referred template as well)
e.	The Controller Name in the HTML template should match the controller name on the JS of this template
f.	Validate any static resources used

Vlocity Card/Console:
Warning
a.	Is a Data Source set for the Card Layout?
b.	Naming Convention validations (Project recommendations + Vlocity Recommendations)
 
Error
a.	Validate Vlocity Action used in the card.
b.	Salesforce Object Validation (Object Visibility, Object Permissions, Field Visibility, Field Permissions)
c.	Card and Card Layout template validation
 
Vlocity Action:
Error
a.	Is the Vlocity Action active?
b.	Validate the fields: Display On, Open URL in, Link Type, Target URL and URL Parameter (if Target URL contains parameters), Display sequence
 
Integration Procedure:
 
Warning
a.	Naming Convention validations (Project recommendations + Vlocity Recommendations)
b.	There should be at least one response action
c.	For a HTTP Action
i.	Time Out, retries and Error handlers have to be configured based on the solution recommendations
 
Error
a.	Is the IP version active?
b.	When using DataRaptor Extract Action, if DataRaptor expects a filter, it has to be passed by the IP
c.	When using DataRaptor Post Action, if DataRaptor expects a Payload, it has to be passed by the IP
d.	Run all the IP checks on any IP referenced by the current IP using Integration Procedure Action
e.	When using a Remote Action, the corresponding apex class (if not a managed class) can be validated for the presence of apex test class and code coverage
f.	For a HTTP Action
i.	The URL has to be registered in Remote Site Settings
ii.	If a Named Credential is used, then it has to be validated for a Valid Auth. Provider (if applicable, Auth Provider Apex Class has to have an apex test class and test coverage within minimum prescribed range)
g.	Is a success preview executed at least once ?
 
Omniscript:
 
Warning
a.	Naming Convention validations for Omniscript Header and Elements (Project recommendations + Vlocity Recommendations)
b.	To use a PDF Action, an existing fillable PDF must exist in Documents.
c.	All IP checks are valid for Omniscript since IP is a server side version of Omniscript
d.	Based on Solution level Standards validate below
i.	Specific Templates for specific elements
ii.	Save Options
iii.	Any other configurations like a mandatory salutation page, Summary Page for any order, Validation Required Option to be set to Submit/step/none and Persistent components required on Reusable Omniscripts or Omniscripts
e.	Run all checks for individual type of elements such as DataRaptor, IP or Reusable Omniscript
 
Error
a.	 Is the Omniscript version active?
b.	Ensure the child Omniscripts embedded and Integration Procedures have an active version.
c.	Is there an active version of templates which are referred in the Omniscript?
d.	All IP checks are valid for Omniscript since IP is a server side version of Omniscript
e.	Run all checks for individual type of elements such as DataRaptor, IP or Reusable Omniscript

 
Thanks
Regards
Arjun Otturu
Mob : +61 469803165
mailto:arjun.otturu@team.telstra.com
